when the big productions is a young
creative company of formats and
audiovisual content recognized in
Argentina and with international projection
led by the producer sebastián
Ortega who with his team will create
more than 20 successful television products
of great quality and artistic innovation to
Over the last 10 years
sebastián ortega begins his career
artistic in the year 2001 as a producer
of the hacker time later assumes the
artistic management of the company ideas
from the south where he performs dozens of
programs recognized by critics and
the public among which stand out the
great events of tumberos the roldán and
the journalist be urban
multi-award televised products
leaders in audience in prime time
Argentine TV and abroad to
through the sale of their formats
for four years it is also the
artistic responsible and creator of others
successes like unitary disputes alone
black coldblooded criminal who gets
stand out for their thematic controversies and
for the great visual quality as well
also the daily comedy
Argentina and forensic journalism in
the year 2006
Ortega creates his own company
producer whose contents continue
reaping audience successes and awards
of the specialized critic
the adult telenovela time does not stop and
the family comedy I love from home up
arrive in 2007 with one of the
most successful comedies of the past
times a lola that thanks to its
originality and freshness would go beyond
Argentine borders to become
one of the best-selling formats of the
history of local tv with innumerable
adaptations in different territories
of the world the moon wins the award
maximum on Argentine television the
martín iron of gold to the best fiction
of the year 2008 a humor soap opera
unforgettable the following year and through
de telefé with co-production of endemol
comes another of his creations more
successful the successful pells' a
lovely comedy that showed
ironically the behind the scenes of a
particular tv newscast
in 2010 arrives the police booties
another success of the prime time of telefe that
manages to captivate the public with its great
intrigue and suspense and the unitarians
historic of the bicentennial what the
time left us showing the story
Argentina through six moving
tele fins of high visual quality and
artistic in 2011 is the time of the
romantic and fantastic novel a year
to remember in the 2012 underground it
consecrates on television beating
audience records with comedy
graduates the success of the year counts the
Andy's love story and he reads it two
schoolmates who meet
after 18 years of not seeing the crossing
of these two characters will reveal a
unexpected secret that will change your
lives forever and will force them to
them and their former schoolmates to
rethink what they have done with their
desires of adolescence
the program was multi-awarded obtaining
8 figurines kingfisher including the
of gold the maximum award of the tv
Argentina
to the best program of the year 2012 in 2013
arouses great interest in the public the
clinical history production a fiction
historical that addresses the aspects
physical and emotional characters
mythical of the Argentine miniseries
got the federal iron martín to the
best fiction of the year
in 2013 it was the turn of neighbors in
war a hilarious comedy that
underground produced next to endemol and
telefe the fiction was starred
by Diego Torres and a great cast that
gave life to a group of families that
they led a peaceful life that was seen
altered with the arrival of new and
mysterious neighbors the 2014 underground
began producing the miniseries the
celebration where through 13
chapters were told different
stories that revolve around
celebrations and moments that change the
life forever
also in 2014 produces with endemol and in
the TV screen the fiction more
view of the moment widows and children of
rock and roll a comedy about the
search for identity and love
the daughters and widows of a referent of the
rock that leaves them as inheritance a
radio and among all will learn to
take it forward overcoming grudges
rediscovering with loves of the past and
betting on a better future at the rate of
rock and roll currently the producer
and developing unique projects
underground innovators a producer
with own stamp